---
title: We are almost 4!
subtitle: Reset, Restart, Refocus...
date: 2023-02-23
tags: ["patreon", "join", "announcement"]
author: Matt
---

We are almost 4 years old! Crazy to think we've grown so much and had so many great collabs over the past few years.
We've become better brewers through it all and 2022 and early 2023 have seen us bag loads of medals at prestigious
national comps!

With age comes reflection though and for a while we've been thinking of how we can run HBC a little better and make it
more sustainable going forward. We think it's time to kick off a few changes.

* We'll be forming a proper committee
* We'll be moving to Discord as it gives us help-forums and the ability for breakout rooms
* We'll be entering into a subscription model at £5 per month, managed via Patreon platform (about the cost of a beer 
we thought!)

Ok, so first, re: the committee, for the next 6 months, Matt will assume the Chairperson role and Paul Willis will be 
Treasurer. This is just until we have an AGM in ~Sept, at which time we will likely re-nominate ourselves for these 
roles along with anyone else who wants to be on the committee. We'll add a secretary at this point so we'll have a 3 
person committee.

Secondly, re: Discord, this is live now! You can sign up via this link:

{{< cta "Join our Discord Server" "https://discord.gg/eKzsEtQpDH" >}}

Thirdly, the subscription. £5 a month will get you free and priority access to all brewing collabs, access to club 
recipes, early and cheaper access to merch and, later in the year, access to club excursions. 

All money will go back into Homebrew Collab and what we use it for will a core subject at the AGM in 6 months.

It will allow us a degree of flexibility which will allow us to book trips and buy merch without having to be out of 
pocket personally and I think it will help us towards eventually running a comp in Bristol.

If this kind of thing interests you, please sign up a Patron using the link below.

{{< patreon "Join HBC on Patreon" "https://www.patreon.com/bePatron?u=89487637" >}}

Its important to add... the subscription is not a blocker to getting involved with the club. Our socials will always be 
open doors, Brewers can still take part in brewing collabs at a cost of £10 per event and Discord is free to join.  

